Add changelog of new release (#1046)
mesg-foundation/engine: CHANGELOG.md

#### Changed
#### Fixed
#### Removed

## [v0.10.0](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/core/releases/tag/v0.10.0)

#### Breaking Changes

- ([#928](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/928)) Rename `volumesfrom` to `volumesFrom` in services' `mesg.yml`.

> - ([#974](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/974)) Simplify services to only one output. Services can only define one output instead of many. The output can still contain multiple parameters. ([#963](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/963)). ([#964](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/964)). ([#965](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/965)). ([#967](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/967)). ([#971](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/971)). ([#972](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/972)). ([#973](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/973)). ([#975](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/975)). ([#976](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/976)). ([#977](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/977)). ([#978](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/978)). ([#979](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/979)). ([#980](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/980)). ([#981](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/981)). ([#982](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/982)). ([#983](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/983)). ([#984](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/984)). ([#987](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/987)). ([#988](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/988)). ([#1028](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1028)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([#974](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/974)) Reduce the number of service outputs to one. An output can still contain multiple parameters. ([#963](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/963)). ([#964](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/964)). ([#965](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/965)). ([#967](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/967)). ([#971](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/971)). ([#972](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/972)). ([#973](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/973)). ([#975](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/975)). ([#976](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/976)). ([#977](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/977)). ([#978](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/978)). ([#979](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/979)). ([#980](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/980)). ([#981](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/981)). ([#982](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/982)). ([#983](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/983)). ([#984](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/984)). ([#987](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/987)). ([#988](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/988)). ([#1028](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1028)).
```

- ([#791](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/791)) Remove CLI from the repository. The new cli is available on a [dedicated repository](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/cli). ([#995](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/995)). ([#996](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/996)).
- ([#991](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/991)) Rename Core to Engine. ([#968](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/968)). ([#970](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/970)). ([#1002](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1002)). ([#1003](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1003)). ([#1004](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1004)). ([#1020](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1020)).

> - ([#997](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/997)) Rename package `api` to `sdk`.

Reviewer: Rename package is not a breaking change

Reviewer 2: github manages the redirection correctly so can be moved in "changed" only

- ([#998](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/998)) Rename package `interface` to `server`.
- ([#1032](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1032)) Simplify Engine configs. ([#1038](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1038)).

#### Added

> - ([#1014](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1014)) Introducing new deployment api. Only available for development purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([#1014](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1014)) Introduce new deployment api. Only available for development purpose.
```

#### Changed

- ([#994](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/994)) Update execution database and api. ([#1006](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1006)). ([#1007](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1007)). ([#1041](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1041)).

#### Fixed

> - ([#955](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/955)) Catch error on volume deletion when they are not created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([#955](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/955)) Catch error when the volume is deleted and it did not exist.
```

#### Removed

> - [#1001](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1001) Remove web3 http request logs in Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1001](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/1001) Remove web3 http request logs from Marketplace.
```

## [v0.9.1](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/core/releases/tag/v0.9.1)

#### Added

- ([#993](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/993)) Display web3 http request logs in Marketplace.

#### Changed

- ([#949](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/949)) Use MESG's IPFS node in CLI.

#### Fixed

- ([#930](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/930)) Improve generated README when using command `service gen-doc`. ([#948](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/948)). ([#960](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/960)).

> - ([#934](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/934)) Return error when image is passed in configuration in mesg.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([#934](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/934)) Return error when an image is passed on a mesg.yml definition.
```

> - ([#929](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/929)) Show better error when deploying service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([#929](https://github.com/mesg-foundation/engine/pull/929)) Show more verbose error when deploying service.
```
